///////////////////////////////////////////////
//               INSTALLATION                //
///////////////////////////////////////////////
Just run the install file, it's that simple!
Changing file names will mess up the install,
so leave everything as is. Cryptr may do some
setup the first time you run it for anything
other than help or about (anything that asks
for sudo privelages, as the setup will just
piggyback off of the first time sudo is used).

Speaking of about, below is basically just
that, so if you lose this, and you wanna read
it again because you love it so much, it's
stored in Cryptr's about section! (I guess if
you weren't to read the README it helps too,
but since your here I guess that isn't you!)

If you don't know how to run c programs, cd to
this folder in terminal (or some file browsers
support an open terminal here option) and run
"./install" without quotation marks.

///////////////////////////////////////////////
//               About Cryptr:               //
///////////////////////////////////////////////
Cryptr was a project inspired by my first Uni
programming course in which we had to make a
few different basic cyphers. Once I had felt
that I had blitzed the task I challenged myself
to do a significantly more powerful and secure
cypher that worked will all or most files and
not just text. The result was Cryptr. It uses
unseen randonmly generated codes to produce a
sequence of shifts in the binary data of files.
This resulted in being able to cypher any type
of file I could throw at it, and requires both
an unseen key file and knowledge of how many
times the file was rotated with that key.

///////////////////////////////////////////////
//  Cryptr is asking for sudo permissions?!  //
///////////////////////////////////////////////
Cryptr requires root permissions to function
so that your encryption keys can be kept
securely hidden from prying eyes. But to make
your life easier, Cryptr doesn't require the
use of sudo. You can use sudo if you decide you
don't trust me to not scan in your password for
some reason. Cryptr is only relaunching itself
with sudo, and the system still still handles
your password and Cryptr never sees it. however
I'm assuming there will be concerns considering
for the same sercurity purposes Cryptr is not
open source.
